okay I'm not going into betfred I'm
going to try and place 50 pounds on a 74
shop
this is the shop owned by the man who
said he likes to take punters on let's
see if I can get a bet on
Oh jump in man
so get ready about eight o'clock it's
even good French racing on the surface I
can only have XP
well SP only in Bedford
okay I'm now entering black Brooks gonna
try 50 pound at 72
fortunately folks in place isn't it for
the one even better for to one place SP
all right okay
Espie only on old bat's yes
okay
no look there either after the tone now
okay we're over at the top now and I'm
going to try and put 50 pound on the 74
shock
high-end atop a banger please
I got fifty when you're not allowed to
walk you're not allowed to accept any
more of my bets at all not even SP so
I'm winning I don't I don't need I don't
need explanations they've always got the
reason I mean they've always got some
kind of underlying reason no Betsy
well there we go no bets at the top
either
Racing's based on betting betting's
based on bookmakers and bookmakers are
based on a fundamental lie that is if
you have the audacity to win and you'll
be banned